Hello days in this video we're going to add about Google Analytics how you can add up Google Analytics
and connected for your WordPress website.
So if you guys like I said those of you guys who are new Let me show you or let me tell you what Google
Analytics is what analytics is a tool provided by the Google Group direct your graphic where your traffic
is coming from.
It came from the Google news coming from Facebook.
Where is it coming from.
How much have you got.
How many returning readers are and what they are doing with which they are on Twitter or on what page.
So all of this stuff drag.
BYE BYE BYE BYE TO GOOGLE AND the name of the tool is Google Analytics So we will set up Google account
and we will connect their Google Analytics with our website and that will show us how much we get every
day that that Google Analytics account does not show instantly where your traffic is coming.
OK.
It just takes sometimes one or two days and then it shows how much traffic you got in the previous day.
We set up our Google Analytics account and to morrow were analytics are going to show us how much we
got previous to this day.
OK.
But that does.
But the good thing about it is that Google Analytics account all also show us the what we see realtime
traffic realtime traffic means how much visitors are on your website right now.
OK.
That also shows us but that is not what I'm talking about.
That is not in dept.
If you are busy in dept to deal off your with just what they are doing and where they are coming from
if you want to see all that debt that reports are all these big 24 hours of data to boot.
We will get those reports by tomorrow.
OK but if you want to see instantly how much we are right now on my website thats what all the tools
can show us.
OK so now the first thing is let's set up the Google Analytics account to go to the Google
know what you need to do.
I am already logged in I'm going to log out
and.
OK.
Right.
Google Analytics is
click on sign in and click on Google Analytics.
Again we have to sign in.
OK these are my fellow instructors account so I'm going to be on the first one.
I know the passwords of their accounts.
They know mine.
OK so I'm going to log in with this account and I'm going to enter the password sign in
OK.
This is it.
So what we are going to do now we're going to sign up for the google analytics or get click on sign
up.
OK.
Now we are you can see pretty much sign up but we have to provide all of this information to completely
signed up for the.
You can see for the Google Analytics.
OK.
No matter how absurd and might bite.
But we have a website.
OK.
Now the account name what a name you want for them.
You can name it with your name for the name will help him win right health is just a domain name OK
let's say name and that is the most important thing and that is also health.
You can name anything as your name again.
Now we have the you are we I have not uploaded any.
OK.
But let's use this localhost.
OK let's use this blogs these blogs.
You OK.
Imagine our Web site is uploaded OK.
And we are going to be striplings right here.
Gay industry get agree.
What kind of love that is about.
For example it's about food and drink and reporting times on this one this one.
OK.
Keep these settings as it is and get taking ID OK
on right now we have some settings to use when it is going.
You must first accept some of these agreements.
For your region residents OK everything's set up that your country and people accept
gay done.
We are all done with Google and that account.
Again we are signed up.
Now it's time to add our
connect over the site with our Google edit account.
Note the use that what you need to do.
You need to go to these property settings
OK.
Now here we have all what we need.
This is the trecking ID.
This Id be used as our Google.
You can see unique goal for our Google Analytics account and this will be used to track the traffic
from our website.
OK.
So now we are all done.
What we need to do now is we need up again where we will provide our ID right here.
OK.
And then again we'll track our traffic it right on our belt and we don't need to always log in to the
Google account and see the reporting but you can do.
You can always log in to your Twitter account and see the reporting but I always used that Blagden to
see what is going on.
OK.
Like I was talking about that is this when you will click on this real time.
You will see how many ways does you have right now on your website with this.
OK.
Right now we have zero visitors on the website.
But when we come it will go up and we show that which base they are on what location they have what
they're using.
What is social graph.
But it is not in detail it is not standard but for the data you need to go to the order against anti-pot
overview and this shows your actual number of visitors that you had previous day.
OK.
And this is the graph and it will it.
You can use the month which month their rhetoric is coming from you can see this is Tuesday November
2015 session zero and all this.
OK.
So this is deal about the graphic and that is in the audience and getting all the overview and it updates
every 24 hour.
OK.
But for the realtime the overview and you will see the realtime traffic that is coming to our website
right now.
OK.
So this is how we set up and Google elderly's are done I'm going to close this.
So we are all set.
What we need to do now is add up again and connect that plug into an account that we just created now.
Okay.
And I will show you how in the next video to tell us what it is for you and I will see you in the next
video.